She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
We should play with legos at camp.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
Mary plays the piano.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
She was too short to see over the fence.
Just go ahead and press that button.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
The book is in front of the table.
The heat
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.